Licensed under a custom Non-Libre Permissive License
Based on the BSD 3-clause License and the Apache 2.0 License

    Copyright (C) 2025 Snqzs' PG

This software involves the use of unaffiliated, reverse-engineered versions of
proprietary technologies or techniques from

    The Land Transport Authority (LTA) of Singapore

who have not expressed neither approval or objection against third parties from
reverse-engineering said technologies or techniques.

None of the copyrighted material from LTA are used or involved in the process of
reverse-engineering, the software only aims to imitate the behaviour.

LTA have also not taken any action against any party for creating unaffiliated
and reverse-engineered technologies or techniques.

Redistributions and uses of the source code, be it original or derivative works,
are permitted provided the following terms are met:

 (1) Redistributions, regardless of being in binary or source code form, must
     retain this copyright notice.

 (2) Source code should include the boilerplate below at the top of the source
     file (it must be the first thing a person sees when viewing the source
     code).

 (3) The names of the copyright holder, collaborators or LTA may NOT be used to
     endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
     prior written permission from either of the parties.

 (4) All modified source files must include a notice, describing all the
     modifications performed on the files. Derivative works does not need to be
     licensed under the same terms.

 (5) LTA reserves the right to order the removal of this work. Should this
     happen, all authors of redistributions of this work are required to remove
     their redistributed works. The redistributors should do so at the earliest
     opportunity for removal upon gaining knowledge of this removal order.
     Redistributors do not need to remove their redistributed works if the project
     removal is initiated by other reasons.

Given the copyright holders and collaborators have followed (5), the copyright
holders and collaborators are not liable for the lack of willingness of removal
from the project distributors. 

Unless required by law or agreed to in writing, the software is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY KIND OF WARRANTY, expressed or implied, including
but not limited to the WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY and FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. In no event shall the copyright holders or collaborators be
liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary or
consequential damages (including but not limited to, procurement of substitute
goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption)
however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict
liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of
the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.

--  The following text are boilerplates that are required to be included in   --
--               all source files licensed under these terms.                 --
--                                                                            --
--   Any modified files should include a notice right above the boilerplate   --
-- describing the changes in a point format similar to the terms listed below --
--                                                                            --
-- Template:                                                                  --
-- NOTICE: This is a modified version of SG Car Plate Matching by Snqzs' PG.  --
--         The following are modifications performed on top of the project:   --
--                                                                            --
--  (1) [State your change here]                                              --

This source file is licensed under a custom Non-Libre Permissive License

    Copyright (C) 2025 Snqzs' PG

Redistributions and uses of the source code is permitted provided the following
terms are met:

 (1) Redistributions must retain this copyright notice.

 (2) Source code should include the boilerplate below at the top of the source
     file.

 (3) The names of the copyright holder, collaborators or the Land Transport 
     Authority (LTA) of Singapore may NOT be used to endorse or promote products
     derived from this software without specific prior written permission from
     either of the parties.

 (4) All modified source files must include a notice, describing all the
     modifications performed on the files.

 (5) LTA reserves the right to order the removal of this work. Should this
     happen, all authors of redistributions of this work are required to remove
     remove their redistributed works at the earliest opportunity for removal upon
     gaining knowledge of this order.

